[Music]
the next guitar we checked out is one of
Gibson's own current interpretations of
its classic design Gibson has offered
several reissues of vintage L style
guitarists since moving its acoustic
production to Montana in 1989 and
earlier this year it introduced a
signature model for contemporary blues
guitarists camo the Gibson keb mo blues
master has a list price of three
thousand eight hundred and sixty eight
dollars and it sells for about three
thousand dollars the guitar is built
with a solid Adirondack spruce top solid
mahogany back and sides and a rosewood
fingerboard and bridge it's got a 12
fret neck with a width of slightly more
than 1.8 inches at the nut and a 25 inch
scale Gibson applied a classic sunburst
finish and the guitar features classy
herringbone purfling like most currently
made Gibson acoustics the cab mode blues
master comes stock with a built in
pickup in this case and it's an active
LR bags element under saddle pickup with
an internal preamp and a volume control
that's mounted just inside the sound
hole all right well let's have a listen
to what the Gibson keb mo Blues master
sounds like played acoustically
[Music]
you